The most beautiful Eid is Abu Al-
Fass caressing the candle. You, Razon Al-Sha, come on, come
on, one, two, no.
[Music]
Yes, I cried because of a
happy video. In this video, the results of the general secondary school for
twin girls, and all of this atmosphere was
very happy, and my brother brought sweets,
and I also saw the house in the video.  And the car is
all gone. It's all gone.
[Music] It
's gone. Since I started my work in the media, I've been
covering conflict and covering wars. I mean, I covered all the
wars that happened in Gaza. I mean, there's
something different, I mean, and strange. Just because it means
we understood that there was an entry by elements of Hamas
into  Israel knew that we were starting to analyze that the
reaction would be
unprecedented. Come on
[music]
I am part of the battle and my family, where are they
doing? What is the
situation of the event itself? Journalistically, how do I want to cover it? You are
running a giant institution. I mean, look, the
big dilemma is that you also want to maintain the
policy or  The line is a liberation for
the channel. I swear to
God, Wael’s topic greatly affected me personally. It
means targeting journalists. I mean, I started saying that,
well, I am a journalist. I mean, by chance, his family was in the
same area that my family was in, in the
Nuseirat camp. Of course, I speak while the scenes are in my imagination,
as our family is asking at every moment to provide
for them.  Security or safety, but of course
we cannot do that and we do not even provide it for ourselves. A
short while ago my daughter spoke to me and told me that
there is no bread in the house that we are in. Could you please
bring us some bread, but of
course there are two bakeries that
are located in the area that Adnan is in. Sorry.  I did not
mean that I wanted to stir up these sorrows or these
feelings, and there was a challenge in front of me: to be a
professional and not to be a human being and not to be like people
in a difficult matter. Let him stand by it so that a thousand does not become
dust. I am now in a cemetery in the Tal Al-
Sultan area in
Rafa’, meaning I am.  For the first time in my life, I see this
scene. Now a large mass grave is being dug, and
we have received news that the army wants to hand over a number
of these remains. At that time, there were between 80 and 100
bodies. He handed them over. They were in a large box in a
truck. The smell is difficult. We cannot open
the box. These have been delivered.  The bodies were transported by the
Israeli army to the
Palestinian side of the Kerem Shalom crossing. Now the
local authorities here are
burying them. I apologize. There is a smell. There is a very difficult and unpleasant smell.
Also, for the first time in my life, I see this scene,
this cruelty and this
ugliness. Now, I mean, we are leaving the city of Rafah.
I mean, what we worked in there last.  The days of coverage
of the Gaza Strip, and here they end, meaning our last
days in this city and in the Gaza Strip, and
here the news coverage stops for me
in this
war.
Peace, if the situation makes us abandon what is riding, and the
emptiness of Gaza is dear to us.
Comfort. Of course, I am the first and last choice in Gaza,
and I must return to it. I mean, when?  It'll end no one
knows
[music]